Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture in the previous lecture.
We're able to read text out of a paedophile.
And in this lecture I'm going to walk you through how to copy a single page and put it in a newly created
PDA.
All right.
So let's get started.
So what we're gonna say we're gonna do here we're going to say okay F equals two.
We're going to open our file so that's again simply our file that we have.
If we press tab.
That's the file and we can open that file for reading purposes.
You're going to say okay four read binary.
Right.
And as we have done before we're going to create again an object we're gonna call it read PDA F equals
to p IDF readers
PDA file reader.
All right.
And we're going to pass along here our file which is with the file that we opened F.
And afterwards we're going to say OK maybe let's get a sample page.
Going to say sample on the score page equals to read PD f.
All right.
And we're going to say dot get page.
So that's how we're going to get a sample page and actually not gonna text get text out of this page
which is gonna get the entire page as is press shift enter.
And he was selected maybe for example which port for instance.
All right.
So that's how we read.
Right.
So let's actually do that and that's okay.
Let's read PBF.
Okay let's go ahead here and let's see how can we actually write a PDA f write a page in a new PDA.
So the important point here is we in the same fashion as we created a reader objects what we could do.
We're going to create a writer object so going to say OK right on the score PBF and that would be kind
of you know like the the the object they're going to be referring to whenever we wanted to write something.
So I'm gonna say okay we're gonna go PD f file reader again if you press tab there is a reader and the
writer.
We're going to select the right one and we can open here empty parentheses.
All right.
And then what we're going to do we're going to say Okay let's take write underscore PD F and we're gonna
do we gonna take a dot ed page and please make sure that P here is uppercase and here we're going to
pass along here our sample page.
Again this is the reading reading part right.
So here we read the PD f we got page and this is this is our page right here.
We created a right PD object and here I just wanted to into that object which is kind of empty right
at the moment.
I'm going to ed page.
The question is which page you're going to be adding I will be adding this sample page.
Copy I'm going to pass it along here which is simply I'm just adding a sample page which is I read from
here and put it into my right PD F which is my right to object to shift to shift enter looks good.
Let's go ahead and actually put that into an actual PD file.
So now I have my right object which is looks good looks great.
Let's go ahead and actually save it in the specific files that are going to create out of your own justice
system.
Give it a specific name.
So going to say OK PD f underscore output equals 2.
We're going to open our.
And here we actually get a name whatever files we're gonna say OK this is my you know like sample file
sample you can call it whatever sample PD file for example take it off PD F and I can open that file
again obviously for writing purposes mistake.
Right.
Binary WB.
That's good.
So again this step is exactly similar as this step right here we call it F here we call it PD f output.
You guys can call it F 2 for example call it whatever.
Again we're opening this file which is simply because we're writing we're just going to create this
new file and then we're just gonna go ahead and actually write our object here right PD F which is the
object that contains our page we're going to take it and actually kind of you know paste it or put it
into our f output so to see how can we do that.
We're gonna say OK right underscored PD F which is our object here that contains the single page that
we obtained.
What we're going to we're going to separate dot right and we're going to pass along our PD f output
which is okay I'm saying okay let's go ahead take the object and simply write it in our PD f output
in our file that was just open or we just created that's it.
Let's go ahead and actually close both of them when I say okay PD f just create some space I'm gonna
tell you why PD f underscored outputs which is we're going to close this going to say f got close as
well.
We're going to close the other one too.
So again we closed that file that we open for reading purposes for writing purposes and we closed the
other file as well F which is we open as well for reading purposes.
All right.
And that's why I separated them here.
So these two lines pretty much we're going to use them all the time when we want to read write something
into a new file.
We're going to say OK whatever you know F or whatever equals to open you specify the name of the file
here.
We're going to split open it for writing purposes.
And what we could do you get a say OK right PD f dot right and whatever is contained within this object
which is IPF we're going to be written we're going to be passed along to our PD F which has had hold
of this name.
Basically that's what it is.
And then we have to close the both files the one that we open for all reading purposes and then when
we open for closing purposes.
All right.
For writing purposes my apologies.
Let's go ahead.
Press shift entered shift enter again and shift enters.
Here we go.
Looks great.
So I should go back here and you will find that there is a file called sample underscored PDA file which
is what we have here.
Simple PDA if on this court file.
So let's open it.
And here we go.
So basically this is this is like just one single page that we're able to extract out of PD F and just
put it here.
OK.
All right.
It looks great.
OK.
That's pretty much all what we need to know when we wanted to.
Right.
Except the page and write it in a PDA.
Now it's time for a quick challenge.
What I want to ask to do here is to simply go ahead extract page number five.
So I want extract page number five.
And I wanted to write it in a.
Another PDA file.
They'll call it simple on this score PDA f underscore file on the score too.
OK so that would be our PD file.
So that's what I want you guys to do this exact page 5 and save it in a new PDA file called this and
just please me go ahead make sure that when you do that saving that there is a newly created file called
sample PDA file too.
And it's actually working and function function properly.
Please go ahead pause the video and I will see you guys after the challenge.
All right.
Hope you guys were able to figure out the challenge.
What are they asking us to do is to simply go here extract instead of pitch for make it in a six page
five and it's pretty much the exact same stuff we're going to do here in the file.
With that said we're just going to say file on this court too and that's it.
All right.
Let's shift enter shift enter shift enter.
Looks great.
Let's go back and make sure that we actually created that file to find out that a sample on the underscore
PDA and this could file on this court too.
So let's open it.
And here we go.
You will find that there is a new page called school ranking.
If you start to compare this to our previous one you have the first page was pitch for had advantages
first and then we had school ranking right.
So if you actually go to the original file you find that we have here our advantages.
Right.
And then afterwards we're going to have here the school rankings.
So these are the two page advantages first and then school ranking afterwards.
All right.
OK.
Looks great.
And that's pretty much all what I have for this lecture.
I hope you guys enjoyed it.
And in the next lectures I'm going to walk you through how to rotate PDX and write them to a new PDA.
Let's recap all I've done so far.
So in this lecture we're able to simply read a PDA file just get one single page out of a PDA and then
create a writer object and simply just put that on page and and kind of you know like pasted or put
it or write it in a simple PDA file too which is the file that you created and then you go ahead and
close both files.
And that concludes this section.
I hope you guys enjoy this lecture and see you in the next lecture.